README.md, before:

# Ethical Moderation Lab

[Ethical Moderation](https://dylanirlbeck.github.io/ethical-moderation/project) is a programming project that forces students to grapple with the ethics of content moderation. The project was built for students, by students, and it is designed to be open-source: we want to be part of a larger wave of revamped ethics education in computer science.

This repository contains the coding portion of the project. Students will use Python and Jupyter Notebook to construct a working content moderation algorithm and contemplate its efficacy.

## Setup

First, clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/dylanirlbeck/ethical-moderation-lab.git
```

Install required packages:

```
pip install -r ./requirements.txt
```

Build the notebook:

```
python3 ./build.py
```

## Running

This project relies on Jupyter Notebook for running the code. Make sure you have it downloaded, and then in the correct directory run:

```
jupyter notebook
```

and open the `code.ipynb` file. The rest of the lab is completed inside the notebook.

Commit message:

Add more specific download/build instructions

README.md, after:

# Ethical Moderation Lab

[Ethical Moderation](https://dylanirlbeck.github.io/ethical-moderation/project) is a programming project that forces students to grapple with the ethics of content moderation. The project was built for students, by students, and it is designed to be open-source: we want to be part of a larger wave of revamped ethics education in computer science.

This repository contains the coding portion of the project. Students will use Python and Jupyter Notebook to construct a working content moderation algorithm and contemplate its efficacy.

## Setup

First, clone the repo (or download and unzip):

```
git clone https://github.com/dylanirlbeck/ethical-moderation-lab.git
```

Install required packages:

```
pip install -r ./requirements.txt
```

Inside the project directory, build the notebook:

```
python3 ./build.py
```

## Running

This project relies on Jupyter Notebook for running the code. Make sure you have it downloaded, and then in the correct directory run:

```
jupyter notebook
```

and open the `code.ipynb` file. The rest of the lab is completed inside the notebook.
